<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
  <title>Meeting Minutes - Brisbane Social Chess</title>
  <meta name="description" content="Official meeting minutes of Brisbane Social Chess" />
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  <link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Montserrat:wght@300;400;700&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
  <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="assets/favicon.png">
  <link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="assets/apple-touch-icon.png">
</head>
<body>
  <div class="background-overlay">
    <main class="content-wrapper">

      <!-- Logo -->
      <div class="logo">
        <img src="assets/image03.jpg" alt="Brisbane Social Chess Logo" />
        <h1>Brisbane Social Chess</h1>
        <p>A place for casual chess, for fun and friendly people.</p>
      </div>

      <!-- Navigation -->
      <nav class="nav-links">
        <a href="index.html">Home</a>
        <a href="rules.html">Rules</a>
        <a href="terms.html">Terms</a>
        <a href="register.html">Register</a>
        <a href="games.html">Games</a>
        <a href="minutes.html" class="active">Minutes</a>
      </nav>

      <!-- Section: Meeting Minutes -->
      <section class="section">
        <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>

        <!-- 2025-06-24 -->
        <article class="minutes-entry">
          <h3>BSC meeting 24/06/2025 version 2.0</h3>
          <p>
            <strong>Meeting commenced at</strong> 19:02<br>
            <strong>Present (via zoom):</strong> Jimmy, Matt, Steve, Rob, John<br>
            <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben<br>
            <strong>Business from last meeting:</strong><br>
            <ol>
              <li>
                1. Business cards - Matt advised that he has had 100 business cards created. They are available to members on a needs basis. The cost of this was approximately $50.<br>
                Motion: moved Steve, second Rob: That Matt should be reimbursed for the cost of producing the cards. Unanimously passed.
              </li>
              <li>
                Status of the submission of the Not For Profit report. Matt advised that he had submitted this and the matter is now complete for this year.
              </li>
            </ol>
            <strong>Agenda items:</strong>
          <ol>
            
          </ol>
        1. Rob: The need for a review of our subscription with[ meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) and consideration of possible lower cost alternatives. Rob submitted a separate email detailing pros and cons; and possible ways forward.

    Initial discussion noted the visibility[ meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) provides to BSC especially for people searching for chess opportunities via the internet. Matt advised that[ meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) has recently significantly increased the cost of subscriptions to $200 US per six months. Until recently[ chess.com](http://chess.com/) were going to pay for our subscription in return for affiliation however this arrangement has ceased and[ chess.com](http://chess.com/) are now not retaining any websites. In view of the changed situation the following motion was voted on:

    Motion: That the BSC[ meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) subscription is allowed to expire at the end of the current subscription period on 09/08/2025 and members are contacted in advance of this date to advise of this exit. Moved Rob, seconded Matt. Unanimously passed.

    Matt & John will work on improving our website & exporting member data from[ meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) to provide continued member contact and to manage our on line visibility.

    Steve will contact members via meetup to inform them of the impending change & the reason for this.

        2. Matt: Discussions with[ chess.com](http://chess.com/)


    Matt has been in contact with Judit Sztaray, director of chess club relations with[ chess.com](http://chess.com/). While chess.com have ceased support for external websites they have offered BSC a free account on[ chess.com](http://chess.com/) called "Brisbane Social Chess".

    Motion: That BSC accept and use a chess.com account called Brisbane Social Chess. Moved by Matt, seconded by Rob. Unanimously passed.

    This account will be administered by John.

        3. Applications for grants


    Matt advised that he has prepared documentation for grant submissions to:
    The Queensland Country Bank;
    The Brisbane City Council Lord Mayor's Grants;
    The Queensland Gambling Community Benefit Fund.

    It was agreed that all should proceed.

        4. Steve: AGM first steps


    Steve suggested that we should start preparation for this year's AGM. First steps could be to choose a date and prepare a Notice of Meeting. Rob noted the need to include a financial report in the Notice so that this can be approved at the AGM.  This then requires that annual accounts are completed before the Notice can be submitted. Rob also noted that the Notice must include any resolutions to be considered and could include, for example, committee size. General discussion noted the desirability of including some reporting of BSC committee activity over the last year in the Notice such as some commentary from the President or an indiaction of how many committee meetings and resolutions were had during the year.  


    A tentative date for the AGM of Sunday the 31st August 2025 was agreed. Matt will collect the necessary documentation and Rob will prepare the annual financial report when this is done. Steve will draft a Notice of Meeting for committee consideration.
     
    Next meeting: in 1 month

    Meeting concluded at 19:33
        </article>

        <hr />

        <!-- May 2025 -->
        <article class="minutes-entry">
          <h3>May 2025 – Committee Meeting</h3>
          <p><strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy, Steve, Rob, Matt<br>
             <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben</p>

          <h4>Discussion Items</h4>
          <ul>
            <li><strong>ABN & NFP Status:</strong>
              <ul>
                <li>Rob explained the statutory requirement for lodging an NFP self-review return.</li>
                <li>Submission is easy and can be done online or by mail/phone by an office bearer.</li>
                <li>Alternative: cancel ABN, as BSC hasn’t engaged in business recently.</li>
                <li>Matt noted ABN is required for grant applications; his tax agent is handling the process.</li>
                <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Retain ABN. <em>Passed unanimously.</em></li>
              </ul>
            </li>

            <li><strong>AGM Early Prep:</strong>
              <ul>
                <li>Steve recommended early planning, including task lists and election readiness.</li>
                <li>Rob confirmed he’ll prepare accounts after the financial year ends.</li>
              </ul>
            </li>

            <li><strong>Business Cards:</strong>
              <ul>
                <li>Matt: 250 cards can be printed for ~$100; no current logo or phone number exists.</li>
                <li>Suggested using MeetUp or email for contact — discussion raised monitoring concerns.</li>
                <li>General agreement on value of cards, but more detail is needed.</li>
              </ul>
            </li>

            <li><strong>Committee Membership:</strong>
              <ul>
                <li>Ben’s membership status was clarified after payment issues.</li>
                <li><strong>Motion:</strong> Re-appoint Ben to the committee.  
                  <br><em>Moved by Matt, seconded by Steve – passed unanimously.</em></li>
              </ul>
            </li>
          </ul>

          <p><strong>Next Meeting:</strong> In 2 months. Jimmy to confirm date.</p>
        </article>

      </section>
    </main>
  </div>

  <!-- Footer -->
  <footer class="site-footer">
    <p>&copy; <span id="year"></span> Brisbane Social Chess. All rights reserved.</p>
  </footer>

  <script>  
  document.getElementById("year").textContent = new Date().getFullYear();
  </script>
</body>
</html>
