<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Meeting Minutes - Brisbane Social Chess</title>
    <meta
      name="description"
      content="Official meeting minutes of Brisbane Social Chess"
    />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/assets/favicon.png" />
    <link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="/assets/apple-touch-icon.png" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="background-overlay">
      <main class="content-wrapper">
        <!-- Logo -->
        <div class="logo">
            <a href="/">
              <img src="/assets/logo.jpg" alt="Brisbane Social Chess Logo" />
            </a>
          <h1>Brisbane Social Chess</h1>
          <p>A place for casual chess, for fun and friendly people.</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Navigation -->
        <nav class="nav-links">
          <a href="/">Home</a>
          <a href="/games.html">Games</a>
          <a href="/minutes.html">Minutes</a>
          <a href="/register.html">Register</a>
          <a href="/rules.html">Rules</a>
          <a href="/terms.html" class="active">Terms</a>
        </nav>

        <!-- Section: Meeting Minutes -->
        <section class="section">
          <h2>Meeting Minutes</h2>

          <!-- May 2025 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>May 2025 – Committee Meeting (25/03/2025)</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy, Steve, Rob, Matt<br />
              <strong>Apologies:</strong> Ben
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Need to either lodge an annual Not For Profit (NFP) self-review return to confirm eligibility for income tax exemption or cancel ABN.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob advised that this is a statutory requirement.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that for non-profit organisations the return is fairly easy, an office bearer must lodge and can do so on-line, via mail or by phone. There are a few quirks to the "how to lodge" process.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The alternative is to cancel our ABN which could be appropriate as BSC has effectively not engaged in profit making business over the last 12 months.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that an ABN is required to apply for grants.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt advised his tax agent is progressing an NFP on behalf of BSC.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    The committee discussed the pros and cons of continuing the ABN.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    A vote of the committee unanimously agreed to continue the ABN.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Preparation for the Annual General Meeting.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that some early preparation for our next AGM would make the process easier.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve suggested that a list of tasks with identified responsibilities would be useful as would an early forecast of a date.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob stated that he would prepare accounts again after the end of the financial year.
                  </ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that there would need to be a call for nominations to office bearers and suggested that it would be ideal to prepare for actual elections should more than one candidate nominate.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Business cards.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that it is possible to get 250 business cards for about $100.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted the need to decide what goes on the card and that there is no BSC logo or phone number.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt suggested that contact could be via MeetUp as there are 14 people who can respond.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve asked if it was appropriate that any of the MeetUp contacts could respond to business enquiries without necessarily knowing the BSC committee view.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt wondered if we could use email however noted that this then required monitoring of the email account.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    General discussion considered that business cards were a good idea however some details need to be worked out.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                General Business.
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    After some issues with payment of membership the status of Ben as a committee member in terms of the BSC constitution was discussed.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt moved that Ben be re-appointed to the committee, seconded by Steve and unanimously agreed.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
              <strong>Next meeting:</strong> in 2 months, Jimmy to advise of a suitable date.
            </p>
          </article>

          <hr />

          <!-- Jan 2025 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>Jan 2025 – Committee Meeting (21/01/2025)</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy Joe, Rob Garvey, Matt McLean, John Bampton, Steve Anderson
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Grant Applications:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt advised that a grants application for $3,000 has been lodged with the Queensland government. This grant is sought to purchase 50 chess boards with chess sets and 50 chess clocks with potential to use some funding for upgrading our website.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt thanked Rob for his help in crafting an application that is more likely to be successful, noting that the grants program favours billable items that can be directly and immediately delivered using the grant funds.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that grants processing usually takes around 2 months.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Creation of a register of hosts:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that the club relies on hosts, that there is no formal approval or approval process of and for appointing hosts. He noted that he was not looking for a resolution at this point however was thinking that the process should include all hosts agreeing to the hosting polices of BSC.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Jimmy said it would be good to formalise the rights and responsibilities of hosts.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob also noted that unaccompanied minors present a potential ongoing legal concern for BSC.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob suggested that Meetup could and should be used to provide consistency of rights and designations for committee members and event hosts, suggesting that committee members could have co-organiser rights while hosts could have administration rights to approve events.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt agreed with this view and will change the status of committee members to co-organisers. He noted that there are two current Meetup co-organisers - Gordon Smail and Olly ? - who are not committee members and are not known to the committee. Matt will change their status to ordinary members and notify them of this change.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob suggested that, for consistency, Committee Members should be called Co-organisers and Hosts should be called Event Organisers.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob also noted that Ross alias The Prof is interested in coming on to the committee and in hosting.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Grilled at the Wintergarden:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob has been contacted by Grilled at the Wintergarden, offering us the opportunity to again have a community donation jar at their store. This will probably happen in February.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob suggested that we could hold a one off meet up or possibly an on-going meet up at this location. Identifying a suitable host and agreeing on a time slot would need to occur.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Jimmy suggested trialling this location as a one off. After some discussion it was agreed that this should be done on Saturday the 22nd of February and that it should be 6-8PM. A meet up to be created and the event to be advertised on out Facebook page.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that this was suitable for a 10-year celebration of the founding of Brisbane Social Chess considering that the first ever meet up was on 26th January 2015 at Burnett Lane, with 6 people attending. Of those 6, most are still engaged with BSC including Rob, Matthew and Adam (current committee members).
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Other potential meet ups:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Steve noted that two other possible meetups have been proposed: Riverside Hotel at South Brisbane (contact via our Facebook account) and Gorgeous George Cafe at Woolloongabba (contact via email to Rob). Steve noted that Riverside Hotel would probably have to be an evening meetup on a day other than Saturday while Gorgeous George would have to be a weekday probably morning/lunchtime meet up.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt had approached a possible Riverside Hotel host however advised that person could not commit at this point.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve said he would be prepared to host at Gorgeous George say on a Monday for a few weeks to determine the viability of the venue when he returns for overseas in March.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
              <strong>Next meeting:</strong> Jimmy will choose a date approximately 2 months hence.
            </p>
          </article>

          <hr />

          <!-- Dec 2024 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>Dec 2024 – Committee Meeting (03/12/2024)</h3>
            <p>
              <strong>Present:</strong> Jimmy, Matt, Steve, Rob
              <br />
              <strong>Apologies:</strong>
              John, Ben
            </p>
            <ol>
              <li>
                Applications for grants:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt advises that he has submitted an application for a $35,000 grant to the Gambling Community Benefit Fund. He is optimistic about the prospects of the application. Applications generally take 2-3 months to be assessed.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Sponsorships:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Matt has pursued contact with Chess.com via meetings with Judith from that organisation, seeking to negotiate an arrangement more suited to BSC needs. Matt has proposed that BSC should be affiliated to Chess.com with Chess.com paying BSC [meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) fees. Matt sought committee confirmation of this position.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Motion: Steve moved that: BSC should agree to affiliation with Chess.com, with Chess.com to pay BSC [meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) fees. This was seconded by Matt and unanimously agreed to.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt noted that Chess.com would also provide a subscription to Chess.com. There was some discussion about what should be done with this subscription.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Motion: Rob moved that the sponsorship should be treated as a donation. Seconded by Matt and unanimously agreed to.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Event management and host responsibilities:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted the need to ensure that when venues are closed, for example over Christmas, that meetup events should also be cancelled to reflect this. He noted the potential impact on BSC reputation should this not be done. It was agreed that this is best practice.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Rob queried whether events should go ahead if the nominated host can't attend the event. His concerns are linked to legal liability and BSC reputation. He noted the potential to impact new members. There was some discussion around the appointment of proxy hosts and the slightly unusual arrangements at Chocolate Moments where there is a nominal host and an actual host. No definitive rules were established however all agreed that the committee needs to continue monitoring venues.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Stripe payment system:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Rob noted that receipts issued via Stripe for BSC membership and sponsorship still show Rob's name on the receipt rather than BSC. He has made some efforts to change this however this has not worked as yet. Rob has passed on email contact details for Steve, Jimmy and Matt to Stripe with the intention of allowing others to operate Stripe as required. He will pursue changing receipts to show BSC and the club ABN.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
              <li>
                Status of current meetups:
                <ul>
                  <li>
                    Jimmy advised that Thursday nights are going well, with 8-12 attendees, that the venue is supportive and that John manages players well through shuffling match ups. Also noted that John is providing small 'prizes' for players.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Matt advised that Sundays are continuing to be well attended with 14-20 players.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Jimmy advised that Saturdays are also well attended with usually 12-18 players. Sunny is also a very supportive host.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve advised that 6-8 are playing on Wednesdays.
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    Steve advised that 10 played on the initial meetup at Chocolate Moments.
                  </li>
                </ul>
              </li>
            </ol>
            <p>
              <strong>Next meeting:</strong> To be held about the 3rd week of January - Jimmy to advise via email.
            </p>
          </article>

          <hr />

          <!-- Sept 2024 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>Sept 2024 – Committee Meeting (17/09/2024)</h3>
          </article>

          <hr />

          <!-- Aug 2024 -->
          <article class="minutes-entry">
            <h3>Aug 2024 – Committee Meeting (25/08/2024)</h3>
          </article>

        </section>
      </main>
    </div>

    <!-- Footer -->
    <footer class="site-footer">
      <p>
        &copy; <span id="year"></span> Brisbane Social Chess. All rights
        reserved.
      </p>
    </footer>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="/script.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
